Fixes typos and details on the specs (#760)
MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers: WebInstall/explainer_same_domain.md

### The `navigator.install` method

> To install a web site/app, the site/app would use the promise-based method `navigator.install(manifest_id [,<params>]);`. This method will:

Reviewer: Missing optional `install_url`:

```suggestion
To install a web site/app, the site/app would use the promise-based method`navigator.install(manifest_id[[, install_url], <params>])`. This method will:
```

#### **Signatures of the `install` method (same-origin)**
The same-origin part of the  Web Install API consists of the extension to the navigator interface with the install method. The install method can be used in several different ways. There is no difference in behaviour when this is called from a standalone window or a tab.

> 1. `navigator.install([<params>])`: The method receives no parameters and tries to install the current origin as an app. Note that `manifest_id` *is required* for the installation and if the method is called without one it will use the *default* manifest id of the web content which resolves to the `start_url`.

Reviewer: It resolves to the `start_url` if defined, but if the app doesn't have a manifest, what will the fallback be? This matches the behavior in Edge, but that behavior isn't standardized, so we should explicitly call out here that for the same domain case, the `start_url` falls back to the document url.
```suggestion
1. `navigator.install([<params>])`: The method receives no parameters and tries to install the current origin as an app. Note that `manifest_id` *is required* for the installation and if the method is called without one it will use the *default* manifest id of the web content. The default manifest id resolves to the `start_url` if defined, or the document url if not defined.
```
